gh-125633: Add function `ispackage` to stdlib `inspect` (#125634)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-10-17-04-52-00.gh-issue-125633.lMck06.rst

> Adding function `ispackage` to determine whether an object is a package or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding function :func:`inspect.ispackage` to determine whether an object is a package or not.
```

> Adding function :func:`inspect.ispackage` to determine whether an object is a
> package or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add function :func:`inspect.ispackage` to determine whether an object is a
:term:`package` or not.
```
